This repository is for downloading the windows executable program for GamerBlake. 

To access the source files and project document written by me and @ReggieSean, go to this link: https://github.com/ZijianF/GamerBlake

Below is design statement for this project:

GamerBlake is a third-person shooter game where the player’s goal is to get through the map without getting eliminated by enemies. The core gameplay of the game is to utilize the main character’s special ability of slowing down time along with covers on the map to get through enemy robots’ guard. 
The concept of this game was inspired by two famous games: Max Payne and Super Hot. In Max Payne, the bullet time system is very fun to play with but it can easily make the player feel immortal. And in Super Hot, the time’s speed changes depending on whether the player is moving or not. But the player is not able to dodge enemies’ bullets during the slow motion. Our intention was to make a game that features the ability of slowing time down but is still challenging to play. 
This game is the final project of my Gameplay Programming class at University of California, Davis. It was done in a group of two. I was mainly responsible for implementing control of the main character and the character’s ability to slow down time. Additionally, I also implemented the game’s camera system, the animation of both the main character and enemies, the interaction between bullets and characters, and the main game logic system including starting menu and tracking of status of objective completion. 
As a computer science major student, the gameplay programming class was the first time I got to learn to make real games and this project was the first game I started making from scratch. I did not only learn how to implement many specific aspects of a games such as camera movement and command patterns, but I also learned how to build a system that makes managing the games and the system more efficient. Furthemore, through working on the project, I understood that the core gameplay is not the only thing that makes a game fun, small things like rewards and feedback are all important. 
Besides game development related knowledge, I also learned something essential for my future career. That is to keep communicating with people who work with me and try my best to work around with all available resources when an accident happens. Originally, the team should have four members. Due to some accidents, I had to work with only one teammate to finish the project within very limited time. And we supported each other to make it through. Although the final product lacks in many aspects, I think we have tried our best to make the core part of our idea real. 


